He is genuinely excited about new technologies and building great software
He helps me with internship advice and code in general.
Helps everyone understand concepts and encourages the spread of knowledge 
He is punctual, very prepared for club meetings, and willing to help with whatever we're learning at club meetings.
Loves to talk
He is willing to take charge of a project, friendly, knowledgeable, and able to explain topics easily.
Always ready to help
succ
He has tons of connections with internships, has lots of personal projects, and throws sick parties.  Basically everything I want to be
He wears glasses, has brown hair, and interned at Microsoft this summer.  He accepted a full-time position there as well! Very friendly and cheerful. Has a girlfriend. Very helpful as well and always willing to help others!
"Kirby! No description needed

Except like, little known fact if you never worked with Kirby, he was like, fantastic at leading people. It's hard to describe, but even though he didn't really seem to do all that much, there was still just a lot of respect for what he did."
Logical and organized. Takes himself a bit too seriously at times. 
Usmann, he has a beautiful beard
They're always high-energy. He always seems to be super interested in something right before he moves on to the next thing. 
Always busy. Works hard. Thinks highly of his work. 
Friendly, helpful, wears khaki shorts and hoodies
He is always early to class.  Gives up his own time to help others and really wants other people to understand the material that they are stuck on.
Kind, aloof, driven
punctual, mildly tardy but brilliant. 
He's reliable, responsible, and gets straight to the point on what needs to be done
Always dressed nice, wears flip flops, not afraid to question people's reasoning and opinions, dedicated 
"Always tidy
Willing to help"
tall, shows up to class 1/2 the time, weird
Someone willing to lead from the front. A true leader doesn't demand respect, he/she earn it.
He is very helpful and answers questions in a kind manner. 
Always working to improve, always helpful, wears Facebook shirts basically everyday, too smart for his own good, genuinely enjoys what he does, knows some of it sucks
always wears that goddamn panda hat get him out
Awesome.
He is smart. He looks strong. He is friendly.
Always thinks about the betterment of the club. Always tries to get more people involved in the club. Tbh these are the qualities of all student leaders in Computer Science that I know of, regardless of their gender. 
He shares his experience with younger students and helps then when they ask
Talks fast
He is passionate about CS, a hard worker very social especially on facebook 
He seems passive, never wears sandals, and is the president of Ignite.
He seems to manage his time too well
relaxed, on top of deadlines
Always friendly. Loves to help people, answer questions and someone always to look up to
He helps out with CS, does not have glasses 
He is a very organized student who is very serious about learning in the classroom. He is also a good friend and knows how to have a good time outside of the classroom
Marty is a ignite mentor and a cs190 lecturer. He is articulate and entertaining during his lecture. When I talked to him he was entertaining and passionate.
Does well in classes, knows his stuff, always helpful. Usually busy though.
He helps students feels welcome in CS, he tries to help students learn new skills, he tries to grow the CS community, he tries to increase recognition of Purdue CS
He usually wears t-shirts with company logos that were probably free, and well-fitting pants. He has a good laugh and thinks vim is superior to emacs. Short hair. 